First of all we have to Fadge that given the data sets we have a training data set and we have a task
data set.
What's very important that we are going to make some predictions concerning S&P 500.
So if you search for S&P 500 first of all you can check the prices.
OK we are going to deal with historical data from 2000 and 10 I guess up to 2000 and 17.
So this is the time series we are going to handle.
By the way S&P 500 it stands for Standard and Poor's 500 which is an American stock market index based
on the market capitalization of the 500 largest companies such as Google Apple Tesla Wal-Mart and so
on.
So we are going to forecast future prices of S&P 500 index.
You can download the data that I have already created a training data set.
OK.
The first sample is 2012 January 3rd.
So this is the first sample we'd open price high price low price close price adjusted closing price
and volume.
So this is the first sample in the data set and we have lost sample 2000 and 16 December.
Okay.
So this is the training data set we are going to use recurrent now Real Networks and LSD YEM architecture
in order to find the relationships between the features.
Okay.
And we have a test data set.
We are going to forecast S&P 500 prices for the next month.
So as you can see the last date in the training data set is the end of 2016.
I know we are going to make predictions for the January of 2017.
Okay so we are going to use 20 task's samples.
So first of all we have the Fadge the training data set and the past data set what's very important
that we are going to deal with the adjusted closing prices you may pose the question that what does
it mean adjusted closing price is.
It is very similar to closing prices of the store.
But it takes into account factors such as dividend stock and so on.
So usually adjusted closing price is a more accurate reflection of the stock's value.
So thats why instead of the open price or the closing price we are going to use adjusted closing price.
Okay so this is how we read the cxxviii files as far as the training data set.
And as far as the past dataset is concerned.
Okay then this is how we get a given color MoVida half of this I lock function.
So we are after all the rows but we have to define the given column.
We just want to deal with the adjusted closing price column.
So thats why we have to define five and six.
It is going to be the index of adjusted closing price 0 1 2 3 4 5 and 6 5 and 6 as you can see.
Okay this is how we get the training data set and the test data set.
If we take a look at verifiable or you can see that the task set is going to be a pie array.
We had 20 rows and a single column if you double click the tasks that you can take a look at the concrete
values.
So as you can see the first value is two thousand two hundred and fifty seven.
Two hundred and two thousand and fifty seven as you can see the last value is two thousand two hundred
seventy eight.
So 2278.
So this is how we do the test data set and we have the training data set.
You can double click it as well.
And these are the values from the training data set we are going to deal with the adjusted closing prices
exclusively so thats why we have just a single column in this dataset.
Okay.
In the next lecture we are going to talk about how to normalize the dataset.
Thanks for watching.